>> Brian Holt: Cool, so now we have kings,
and that whole system is working as well.
We are almost done.
We have one more thing to do,
which is we have a little score
meter that we wanna add to our game.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's go add our little worm container,
Let me grab that from the HTML,
what that looks like.
So index.
>> Brian Holt: And the first
thing before the first container,
I'm gonna add something,
a little bit of HTML.
And this is gonna be
the div class = worm-box.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, inside of that,
I'm gonna have a div.
And the class of that's
going to be worm-container.
And the image is gonna
be of source ./worm.png.
And this is gonna be the worm score meter.
And the class here is worm.
Okay, Save and refresh here.
You can see it now we have a nice
little wormy guy at the top.
Let's go add some CSS to make
sure that we get all of that.
So mole.css.
It's a couple more lines here
to add at the end, worm.
So we're going to fix the worm
at width 1660 pixels.
Because what's going to
happen is this worm,
we're going to make it always
the entire length of the screen.
But we're going to use a div that's going
to slowly expand to show pieces of it.
And using that overflow hidden,
we're going to be able to slowly reveal
parts of the worm as people progress
more and more into the game.
Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: So
we fixed the worm at that width.
>> Brian Holt: The worm-container
is going to
be overflow: hidden; transition.
We'll look at the transition
here in just a second.
We'll leave that off for now, and
then the worm box is also
gonna have that same width.
>> Speaker 2: What's the difference
between worm box and worm container?
>> Brian Holt: So
the worm box is going to be
what we're gonna have take up
the entire width of the screen.
If we have variable width,
it might wrap onto the next line.
It would also not,
we want the worm to stay fixed
in the sense that the head is
always gonna be on the left.
If we didn't fix the width,
and have both the worm box and
the worm then it would expand from
the center which is not what we want.
So I think it'll be a little more concrete
once we see the animation here happen.
So we have this.
We want the user to start
out with zero score right?
So we're gonna say here is
on the worm container here.
We're gonna say width equals 5% or
sorry, rather style equals width 5%.
So now notice it starts with just
a little head right here, right?
And if we didn't have the worm
container kind of expanding and
contracting there, then you would
be be able to see the entire worm.
Makes sense?
It's a little bit of some advanced CSS,
but
we're using this container to kind of,
see if we can actually,
let's do this,
kind of explore what these are doing.
So
>> Brian Holt: Specter.
>> Brian Holt: So if I look here at
the worm,
>> Brian Holt: So
the worm box takes up that whole
top half of the page, right?
Then I'm using the worm container to
only show a tiny, tiny piece of it.
And then as the user scores more and
more points.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see.
Here on the worm container.
We're going to expand this
worm container like that so
that we can show more and
more of the worm.
Just by changing the width
on that worm container.
And it's important that we keep this
worm as well fixed at 1660 pixels,
cuz if we didn't have this, it would
try and squish it into wherever it was.
Does that makes sense, sort of?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah it's similar to
what you were talking about earlier
where something goes off the screen, and
you could theoretically make
it scrollable I suppose right?
>> Brian Holt: Right, that's exactly it.
So if we came to worm container and make
this scroll, now you could probably if I
can get my mouse on it, you can
scroll through the worm right here.
>> Brian Holt: So we're basically just
creating like an artificial window using
CSS, right?
Then you can only see the worm
as it's exposed right here.
>> Speaker 3: Technically you already won,
because it's all there,
it's just not showing it to you.
>> Brian Holt: Right, exactly.
So technically they start
with zero points, right?
So we would have this worm at 0%.
But I thought it was
a little bit better so
that the user could initially
see something right.
So they could tell that that's
where the meter started, right?
So that's why I started that 5%,
just you can see the little frowny face.
Now what we're going to do,
if we come back to our game JS.
Whenever a user scores, we're gonna adjust
to this the the width of that container.
So what we're going to say,
here in mole.js, worm.container,
worm container rather, let's just do this,
document.querySelector.worm-container,
>> Brian Holt: .style.width
=,
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna use back
ticks there.
I'm gonna say,
>> Brian Holt: 10*score%.
>> Brian Holt: Right, because score
is going to be number from zero.
Well, it's gonna start at zero but
this is never firing zero.
So it's gonna be a number from 1 to 10.
So whenever user hits,
correctly clicks on the mole,
it'll expand it to 3 times 10%, so 30%.
So if I refresh again here,
now if we click on one of these,
it should expand a little
worm friend there, right.
>> Brian Holt: Now your users have an
indication of where they are in the game.
And you can see that when you click on
a king mole, it expands even further.
And then until you win.